Note about file path source maps and some cleanup (#3040)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/javascript/reference.md

See [Run snippets of JavaScript on any webpage](./snippets.md).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Use `//# sourceURL` to name evaluated files in the Sources tool

Reviewer: broaden the heading.  it's not just for eval'd code.
```suggestion
## Use `//# sourceURL` to name evaluated code, inline script code, and CSS rules in the Sources tool
```

> The `//# sourceURL` pragma, such as `//# sourceURL=file-name.js`, is a special comment that makes it easier to work with evaluated JavaScript code and JavaScript code found in `<script>` tags in an HTML document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `//# sourceURL` pragma, with syntax `//# sourceURL=my-assigned-file-name.js`, is a special comment that makes it easier to work with evaluated JavaScript code and JavaScript code found in `<script>` tags in an HTML document.
```

> When JavaScript code is run by the browser, DevTools can only name it if it was loaded from a file. When running JavaScript directly from a `<script>` tag or by using the `eval()` function, the **Sources** tool doesn't have a file name to display these files in the **Navigator** pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When JavaScript code is run by the browser, DevTools can only name a block of code if the code was loaded from a file. When running JavaScript directly from a `<script>` tag or by using the `eval()` function, the **Sources** tool doesn't have a file name to display these files in the **Navigator** pane.
```
@captainbrosset - pls try to reword to be more specific and direct than "it".  To what does "it" refer?

> When JavaScript code is run by the browser, DevTools can only name it if it was loaded from an file. When running JavaScript directly from a `<script>` tag or by using the `eval()` function, the **Sources** tool doesn't have a file name to display these files in the **Navigator** pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When JavaScript code is run by the browser, DevTools can only name it if it was loaded from a file. When running JavaScript directly from a `<script>` tag or by using the `eval()` function, the **Sources** tool doesn't have a file name to display these files in the **Navigator** pane.
```

> Use the `//# sourceURL` pragma to give a name to evaluated files, inline scripts, and styles, so that each one appears as a recognizable file name in the **Sources** tool.  For example:

Reviewer: pls use consistent order of the items throughout the doc/section:
* evald files
* inline <script> blocks
* styles -- be more technically specific? eg:   style rules; CSS style rules (or whatever tech term).  Pls be technically more specific than "styles".

```javascript

> //# sourceURL=file-name.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
//# sourceURL=css-for-input-form.js
```
"file-name.js" is not a realistic example

See [Run snippets of JavaScript on any webpage](./snippets.md).

<!-- ====================================================================== -->

> ## Use `# sourceURL` to name evaluated and inline code in the Sources tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use `# sourceURL` to name evaluated and inline code in the Sources tool and throughout DevTools
```

Author: The virtual file name will be visible in the Console and Performance tool, at least. So, I'm changing this heading.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
the section never really explicitly directly says that the reason or effect of giving a (virtual) file name to block of code is, so that when you look at Sources > Nav pane > Files tab (or wherever in UI).  Specify exactly where in UI these virtual file names will appear.

> The `# sourceURL` pragma, with syntax `//# sourceURL=my-assigned-file-name.js` or `/*# sourceURL=my-assigned-file-name.css*/`, is a special comment that makes it easier to work with evaluated and inline code in the **Sources** tool.

Reviewer: "makes it easier" - ok, but vague.  Give UI specifics.  Where is the file name missing, if you don't do this?  Where is the file name shown, if you do this?

> The `# sourceURL` pragma, with syntax `//# sourceURL=my-assigned-file-name.js` or `/*# sourceURL=my-assigned-file-name.css*/`, is a special comment that makes it easier to work with evaluated and inline code in the **Sources** tool.

Reviewer: and throughout DevTools?

> When a block of code is run by the browser, DevTools can only give that block of code a name if it was loaded from an network resource. When running the following kinds of code, the **Sources** tool doesn't have a file name to display these blocks of code in the **Navigator** pane:

Reviewer: paragraph is only negative - negative is good but incomplete.  Specify positively and concretely in terms of UI, what will result in the UI if you do this.

> When a block of code is run by the browser, DevTools can only give that block of code a name if it was loaded from an network resource. When running the following kinds of code, the **Sources** tool doesn't have a file name to display these blocks of code in the **Navigator** pane:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a block of code is run by the browser, DevTools can only give that block of code a name if it was loaded from an network resource. When running the following kinds of code, the **Sources** tool doesn't have a file name to display for these blocks of code in the **Navigator** pane:
```
Which one is the case if you don't do this?
* The code block is displayed throughout DevTools like any file is, but with a blank/missing file name.
* The code block is not displayed or represented at all, in DevTools.

* JavaScript code that's run by using the `eval()` function.
* JavaScript code that's in a `<script>` tag.
* CSS code that's in a `<style>` tag.

> Use the `# sourceURL` pragma to give a virtual name to the above kinds of code. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `# sourceURL` pragma to give a virtual file name to the above kinds of code, to display that file name in the Sources tool. For example:
```
* reiterate purpose of defining virtual filename.  Actually, the section never really explicitly directly says that the _reason_ or effect of giving a (virtual) file name to block of code is, so that when you look at Sources > Nav pane > Files tab (or wherever in UI) -- specify exactly where in UI these virtual file names will appear.
* not just giving a "name" to the code, but specifically a virtual _file_ name.

* For JavaScript:

  ```javascript
  function sum(a, b) {
    return a + b;
  }
  
  //# sourceURL=math-utilities.js
  ```

* For CSS:

  ```css
  .card {
    padding: 1rem;
    border-radius: 0.5rem;
  }
  
  /*# sourceURL=card-styles.css*/
  ```

> 

Reviewer: show the resulting UI, with red boxes around the virtual file names

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

As a result, the following places in DevTools will display these code blocks and a file name (math-utilities.js and card-styles.css) for them: 
* a
* b
* c
```
